reference/modules/ROOT/pages/GeoGebra_Mass_Installation.adoc, before:

= GeoGebra Mass Installation

This page describes how a system administrator can install GeoGebra on many devices at once. For installations on a
single machine, see xref:GeoGebra_Installation.adoc[GeoGebra Installation]. Please note that all our installers
are subject to the http://www.geogebra.org/license[GeoGebra non-commercial license].

== Chrome OS

If you are in one of the countries supported by Google Play for Education, you should be able to install our app via
https://play.google.com/edu/landing[Google Play for Education].

In other countries you may need to install the
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/geogebra/bnbaboaihhkjoaolfnfoablhllahjnee?hl=en[Chrome App] manually.

== GeoGebra Desktop Software

=== Windows

To install GeoGebra Desktop on many Windows computers in a network:

* download the .msi installer of https://download.geogebra.org/package/win-msi6[GeoGebra Classic 6] or
https://download.geogebra.org/package/win-msi[GeoGebra Classic 5] to a network folder being accessible from all
workstations, e.g. `\\INSTALL\GeoGebra\`.
* install GeoGebra silently on each workstation: `msiexec /i \\INSTALL\GeoGebra\GeoGebra-Windows-Installer-6-0-389-0.msi
ALLUSERS=2 /qn`. You may want to put this command into a batch file to save time for typing. It may also be convenient
to use remote command execution by using the https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb897553.aspx[PsExec
utility] to install GeoGebra on all devices.

Note that GeoGebra Classic will be automatically updating minor new versions (e.g. 5.0.3 to 5.0.4) by downloading the
new version into the user’s *Application Data* folder and then using it after the next restart of the software. So, you
will only need to do a new installation when you want to switch to a new major version (e.g. from 5.0 to 5.2).

Mass installations of GeoGebra Classic 6 will not update automatically.

== GeoGebra Tablet and Phone Apps

Please see instructions below for individual platforms.

iOS::
  you should be able to install the https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/geogebra/id687678494?mt=8[iPad app] on mutliple
  devices using https://itunes.apple.com/en/app/apple-configurator/id434433123?mt=12[Apple Configurator] or similar
  mobile device management tools.
Android::
  Please download one of the APKs from xref:GeoGebra_Installation.adoc[]

Commit message:

* GeoGebra 6 includes `GeoGebra.exe` (Classic 6), `GeoGebraCalculator.exe` (GeoGebra Calculator Suite), `GeoGebraCAS.exe`, `GeoGebraGeometry.exe` and `GeoGebraGraphing.exe`

reference/modules/ROOT/pages/GeoGebra_Mass_Installation.adoc, after:

= GeoGebra Mass Installation

This page describes how a system administrator can install GeoGebra on many devices at once. For installations on a
single machine, see xref:GeoGebra_Installation.adoc[GeoGebra Installation]. Please note that all our installers
are subject to the http://www.geogebra.org/license[GeoGebra non-commercial license].

== Chrome OS

If you are in one of the countries supported by Google Play for Education, you should be able to install our app via
https://play.google.com/edu/landing[Google Play for Education].

In other countries you may need to install the
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/geogebra/bnbaboaihhkjoaolfnfoablhllahjnee?hl=en[Chrome App] manually.

== GeoGebra Desktop Software

=== Windows

To install GeoGebra Desktop on many Windows computers in a network:

* download the .msi installer of https://download.geogebra.org/package/win-msi6[GeoGebra 6] or
https://download.geogebra.org/package/win-msi[GeoGebra Classic 5] to a network folder being accessible from all
workstations, e.g. `\\INSTALL\GeoGebra\`.
* GeoGebra 6 includes `GeoGebra.exe` (Classic 6), `GeoGebraCalculator.exe` (GeoGebra Calculator Suite), `GeoGebraCAS.exe`, `GeoGebraGeometry.exe` and `GeoGebraGraphing.exe`
* install GeoGebra silently on each workstation: `msiexec /i \\INSTALL\GeoGebra\GeoGebra-Windows-Installer-6-0-389-0.msi
ALLUSERS=2 /qn`. You may want to put this command into a batch file to save time for typing. It may also be convenient
to use remote command execution by using the https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb897553.aspx[PsExec
utility] to install GeoGebra on all devices.

Note that GeoGebra Classic 5 will be automatically updating minor new versions (e.g. 5.0.3 to 5.0.4) by downloading the
new version into the user’s *Application Data* folder and then using it after the next restart of the software. So, you
will only need to do a new installation when you want to switch to a new major version (e.g. from 5.0 to 5.2).

Mass installations of GeoGebra Classic 6 will not update automatically.

== GeoGebra Tablet and Phone Apps

Please see instructions below for individual platforms.

iOS::
  you should be able to install the https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/geogebra/id687678494?mt=8[iPad app] on mutliple
  devices using https://itunes.apple.com/en/app/apple-configurator/id434433123?mt=12[Apple Configurator] or similar
  mobile device management tools.
Android::
  Please download one of the APKs from xref:GeoGebra_Installation.adoc[]
